[Autogenerated] AWS has a lot of options for data storage,
but we'll focus here on relational databases,
and the relational data support is managed through a service called R.
D s for relational database service.
Within RDS, you can create database instances for a number of different engines.
But regardless of which engine you choose you can use,
RTs is common mechanisms for optimizing,
scaling and managing these instances and the databases within them.
There are five common relational database engines supported by RDS.
Post GREss Que El, my sequel, Maria DB Oracle and Sequel Server.
There's another relational database service that's
proprietary toe Amazon called Aurora.
This is a specially built relational database that's
compatible with my sequel and post rescue L.
In fact, if you're using entity framework,
you can use the my sequel or post grad school providers to connect to it.
But Aurora is more heavy duty than using my sequel or post GREss directly.
The way AWS describes it is that you get the performance and
availability of a commercial great database at 1/10 the cost
because it's targeting my sequel and post GREss.
It's an interesting option to be aware of,
but it's not available in the free tier,
so I'll be using sequel server through RDS in these demos and not Aurora.
RDS is available as part of the free tier,
and it gives you 750 hours a month of RDS usage.
But there are a few aspects of using RTs in the free tier to be aware of first,
that 750 hours a month on Lee lasts for 12 months.
Hopefully, you'll finish this course before quickly than that.
You'll also be limited in the compute power assigned to your server instances,
as well as the amount of storage, which is 20 gigabytes.
There's one other interesting option for RDS databases,
which is currently in preview and only available for my sequel and post GREss.
And that's the Amazon RDS proxy,
which can automate database connections between your
applications and databases within RTs.
We won't be using in this course, but it's an important feature to be aware of for your future reference